Disclaimer

These materials are not intended as an offer to sell, or the solicitation of an offer to purchase any security. The information set forth in these materials is provided for informational and discussion purposes only and is not intended to be, and shall not be regarded or construed as a recommendation for a transaction or investment, financial or other advice of any kind or constitutes or imply any commitment whatsoever, including without limitations an offer to purchase, sell or hold any security investment, loan or other financial product or to enter into or arrange any type of transaction. 
Rocket Propulsion Labs (“RP Labs”) does not make any representation of warranty, express or implied, as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained herein and nothing contained herein shall be relied upon as a promise or representation whether as to the past  or future performance. RP Labs disclaims any and all liability relating to this information, including, without limitation, any express or implied representation or warranty for statements contained in and omissions from any information set forth in these materials. RP Labs does not have or undertake any obligation to update or keep current the information contained herein. 
Any offering will be made only by means of a confidential private placement memorandum or other appropriate materials (“Offering documents”) that will contain detailed information about any investment to be offered; no sale will be made, and no commitments to enter into investments will be accepted, and no money is to be solicited or will be accepted, until the Offering Documents are made available to prospective investors. Any indications of interest from prospective investors in response to the information provided in these materials involves no obligation or commitment of any kind. Any investment decision should be based only on data in the Offering Documents. 
The information provided in these materials contain “forward-looking” information that is not purely historical in nature. Such information may include, among other things, projections, forecast or estimates of cashflows, yields or returns, scenario analyses and proposed or expected portfolio composition, and involved significant elements of subjective judgement and analysis. The forward-looking information contained herein is based upon certain assumptions about the future events or conditions and is intended only to illustrate hypothetical results under those assumptions (not all of which will be specified herein). Actual events or conditions are unlikely to be consistent with, and may differ materially from, those assumed. In addition, not all relevant events or conditions may have been considered in developing such assumptions. Accordingly, actual results will vary and the variations may be material. You should understand such assumptions and evaluate weather they are appreciate for their purposes. No representations are made as to accuracy of such estimates or projections or that such projections will be realized. The prior performance information contained herein has not been audited or verified by independent party. Past performance is not indicative to future performance. 
This presentation and it information contained herein is confidential, proprietary and trade secret of RP Labs. By acceptance hereof, you (your employees, agents and affiliates) agree not to release or reveal it to any third party and not use any information contained herein, except for purposes of analyzing a potential investment in a Rocket Propulsion Labs Fund. Upon request from RP Labs, you agree to return and destroy such information and all copies thereof. Any reproduction or re-transmission of this information, in whole or in part, without written consent from RP Labs is prohibited. 
These materials do not disclose all risk and other significant issues related to an investment in any proposed transactions described herein. Prior to entering to any such transactions, potential investors should ensure that they fully understand the terms of that proposed transaction and any applicable risks, some, but not all, of which are described in more detail in the offering documents. 
Certain information contained in these materials has been obtained from sources outside of RP Labs. While such information is believed to be reliable for the purposes used herein, no representations are made as to the accuracy of completeness thereof and neither RP Labs nor any of its affiliates takes responsibility for such information.
